docs: add docker advice (#416)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/troubleshooting.md

  transformIgnorePatterns: [nodeModulesToTransform([...grafanaESModules, 'packageName'])],
};
```

> ### I get `"image with reference <plugin-name> was found but does not match the specified platform: wanted linux/amd64, actual: linux/arm64/v8"` after running docker-compose up or npm run server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I get `"image with reference <plugin-name> was found but does not match the specified platform: wanted linux/amd64, actual: linux/arm64/v8"` after running `docker-compose up` or `npm run server`.
```

> This is most likely to impact users of Apple silicon Macs. If you have previously built an image for a plugin scaffolded with `create-plugin` prior to v1.12.2, running `docker-compose up` may fail with the above message if the old image hasn't been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is most likely to impact users of Mac computers with Apple silicon. If you have previously built an image for a plugin scaffolded with `create-plugin` prior to v1.12.2, then running `docker-compose up` may fail with the above message if the old image hasn't been removed.
```

#### What you can do:

> - Remove the image using `docker rmi <plugin-name> --force`

Reviewer 2: Should we add a preliminary step here for `docker-compose down` to stop and remove the container first? It should mean there is no need to use `--force` flag in `docker rmi` command or the `--build` flag in `docker-compose up` command?

Author: fair point - will update
